Last week was absolutely amazing. I hope everyone here had good gains and took profits as well! My picks from last week did exceptionally well:* GOOGL - 5.4%* BABA - 10.6%* V - 4.24%* PYPL - 6.9%* QQQ - 3.95%Looking into this week, we are due for some consolidation or pullback, but there are a still plays that could work out this week. As always, I have this in video format [which you can watch here](https://youtu.be/PoibBodbkLU) if you don't want to read this block of text.1. Apple (AAPL) - So although tech had a big week, Apple kind of lagged behind. It's a slow mover, BUT, once it gets moving, it makes big moves. The technicals show it's at a critical point for a breakout, so keep a close eye on this. If we see any news leak about positive iPhone 10 sales over the holiday season, expect this to go to ATH. Also ER is scheduled for Feb 1, so we will most likely see a run up soon enough.2. Nvidia (NVDA) - Solid company, and it had a rough couple of months after breaking the $200 level. Now we're back, and with CES around the corner, I suspect this will have a good move as well. Earnings again I believe is in Feb. If you look @ the technicals, you can see that it broke a key uptrend resistance level on STRONG volume - this is a very good sign for the stock as buyers have come back in and believe it should move higher. When Nvidia gets moving, we see it move A LOT, so this is a good one to watch this week.3. Square (SQ) - Recovering from ATH of $50 from couple months ago, Square is starting to make a comeback. We saw it bottom out around $34 or so (I personally wanted it to $30, but that's fine...) and now we see some movement upwards. Once again, we broke resistance on good volume, and now we bounced off support (and the 50 day) with STRONG volume. This is good confirmation that we are ready to start heading back to the ATH of $50 in this stock, but it may take a few weeks to get there. Friday had amazing movement, and overall I think we have a lot more room to move here. I personally picked up some LEAPs (Jan 2019 expiry, 50C) and they were fairly cheap. I don't think we'll have any problems seeing Square back at $50 before Jan 2019...4. Take-Two Interactive (TTWO) - They got a nice rally thanks to the news that came out from EA last week. Typically gaming stocks like to follow each others movement (EA, ATVI, TTWO), but I think technically, TTWO has the best charts and the best potential for a swing trade. If you look @ the charts, you can see that it broke through a key resistance level, on good volume, so we should be watching it closely next week to see if volume continues on with this. The stock has been beaten down since making new ATH a few months ago, although nothing fundamentally changed, so I think we'll see a good move up in the upcoming weeks as long as the market keeps moving up.5. Walmart (WMT) - This is a new stock I've never covered on my 5 stocks weekly videos, but the consolidation on this caught my attention. I have a position in them, longer dated calls, because I do believe we are just waiting for a Catalyst to gap up and move higher. This is the first time the stock closed above $100, which is typically a big resistance point for a stock to get past. It has consolidated around here since its last ER, and this move up was expected. Now as long as volume comes in, we could see this at $105-$110 before the next ER. If we see news come out that they had a record holiday season or something like this, I expect it to gap up and start a good rally. Walmart is a slow mover though, so it may take a few weeks to see movement here, but keep an eye on it!So that covers the 5 stocks for this week. As always, please comment below to share what stocks you're watching this week, what you think about these 5 stocks that I covered, and how you did with your picks from the previous week.Happy investing!
